Create a Proof Of Existence Chain Tutorial (#256)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-developer-hub.github.io: docs/tutorials/creating-your-first-substrate-chain/test.md

---

> title: Testing Your New Blockchain

Reviewer: The title and filename are ambiguities, I was thought it related to testing code, not the UI.

Author: You do "test" the code with the front end right?

Could update though, I see what you mean

Reviewer 2: Using Your New Blockchain
Interacting With Your New Blockchain

---
title: Testing Your New Blockchain
---

> This tutorial is not really about writing front-ends, but we do want to show you

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This tutorial is not really about writing user interfaces, but we do want to show you
```

how easy it can be with Substrate. If you have made it this far, that means you

> _should_ have a brand new working blockchain with custom functionality.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
_should_ have a brand new blockchain with custom functionality up and running.
```

            onChange={e => handleFileChosen(e.target.files[0])}
          />
          <Message success header="File Digest Unclaimed" content={digest} />
          <Message
            warning
            header="File Digest Claimed"
            list={[digest, `Owner: ${owner}`, `Block: ${block}`]}
          />
        </Form.Field>

        <Form.Field>
          <TxButton
            accountPair={accountPair}
            label={"Create Claim"}
            setStatus={setStatus}
            type="TRANSACTION"
            attrs={{ params: [digest], tx: api.tx.templateModule.createClaim }}
            disabled={isClaimed() || !digest}
          />
          <TxButton
            accountPair={accountPair}
            label="Revoke Claim"
            setStatus={setStatus}
            type="TRANSACTION"
            attrs={{ params: [digest], tx: api.tx.templateModule.revokeClaim }}
            disabled={!isClaimed() || owner !== accountPair.address}
          />
        </Form.Field>
        <div style={{ overflowWrap: "break-word" }}>{status}</div>
      </Form>
    </Grid.Column>
  );
}
```

We won't walk you step by step through the creation of this component, but do

> look over the code comments to learn what each part is doing.

Reviewer 3: there are a total of zero code comments in that file. Either we do add comments or remove this sentence ;) .

Author: yeah, something i meant to do but missed. We def want to comment it

## Submit a Proof

Your front-end should have automatically restarted with this new component
included. Select any file on your computer, and you will see that you can create a claim
with it's file digest:

![Proof Of Existence Component](assets/poe-component.png)

If you press "Create Claim", a transaction will be dispatched to your custom
Proof of Existence module, where this digest and the selected user account will
be stored on chain.

![Claimed File](assets/poe-claimed.png)

If all went well, you should see a new `ClaimCreated` event appear in the Events
component. The front-end can automatically recognize that your file is now
claimed, and even gives you the option to revoke the claim if you want.

Remember, only the owner can revoke the claim! If you select another user
account at the top, and you will see that the revoke option is disabled!

> ## Next Steps

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## What's next?
```

Author: I am a fan of "Next Steps" since it is planned to be used at the end of nearly every piece of documentation on the site.

See the choice of word throughout Microsoft docs: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/tour#next-steps

This is the end of our journey into creating a Proof of Existence blockchain.

You have seen first hand how simple it can be to develop a brand new runtime
module and launch a custom blockchain using Substrate. Furthermore, we have
shown you that the Substrate ecosystem provides you with the tools to quickly

> and easily create responsive front-end experiences so users can interact with

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
create responsive front-end experiences so users can interact with
```

I'd refrain from calling anything in learning materials `easy`(or `just do XYZ` for that matter). I know this is a bit more of a marketing place, but I'd still do it. Just consider if it failed for someone, they weren't able to get it to work but go on and then read that it was easy to do ...

Author: I am 100% with you here, and love for you to call me out whenever I do it.

I write like a talk, which is sometimes more passionate than is helpful.
